#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via django
attrs==22.1.0
    # via jsonschema
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via elasticsearch
django==4.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-nine
    #   djangorestframework
django-cors-headers==3.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-csp==3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-elasticsearch-dsl==7.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf==0.22.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-nine==0.2.7
    # via django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
elasticsearch==7.17.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   rac-es
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   rac-es
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rac-schemas
packaging==22.0
    # via django-nine
psycopg2==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrsistent==0.19.2
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via elasticsearch-dsl
pytz==2022.6
    # via djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rac-es==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rac-schemas==0.30
    # via -r requirements.in
shortuuid==1.0.11
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via django
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via elasticsearch
